i'm probably not the only one who's
noticed at this point that asus rog
makes so many different gaming pc
components that you could pretty much
build an entire system with nothing but
rog stuff
so
when asus reached out to sponsor a video
for intel's gamer days which is going to
have giveaways deals on components
desktops and laptops starting august
30th we figured
why don't we try to finally do it so in
front of me is all the components of
what anthony and i hope is going to be
the ultimateest
rog gaming system that we have ever
built
and of course
pretty much everything in front of us
has that one important feature that
everyone everyone needs
rgb
[Music]
so as always our build starts
with safety first
rolling out the gamers nexus modmat so
we can get started on our machine so at
the core oh is of course going to be our
rog maximus 11 code motherboard so this
is the one that we've been using on our
intel test bench basically ever since
intel launched the 9900k i guess yeah
ever since z390
it's honestly been a solid board i
haven't had any complaints at all
and this has been through plenty of both
cpu and gpu testing not this one in
particular this one
this one's new but
but this model of motherboard that's
that's the main point right
all right let's pull out all these
it's okay it's just plastic so to
install on our board we've gone with the
core i9 9900k so do you want to walk us
through why we chose this particular
model because it gives us that extra bit
of flexibility with intel quick sync
so say you're a content creator it
actually integrates pretty well with the
adobe suite right now
that is a point in intel's favor as far
as
cpus go
also it is still a little bit faster for
gaming it's not you know the major leap
that it used to be
but uh
that plus a relatively mature platform
i think gives us a pretty solid platform
to build from so next up we've got our
memory and we're actually doing a pretty
craptastic job of using rog components
here aren't we because this is only
we're only one for three so far
they don't actually make rog memory yet
but
this memory is aurasync compatible which
is very important since it is rgb memory
so this is g skills trident z rgb 3200
c14 kit it's actually intel xmp ready
and these are 16 gig dimms which is
going to give us a total of 64 gigs of
rgb goodness in our finished system
delicious overkill that is so far over
the top that it's not even funny i think
we even have a video planned in the next
little bit sort of demonstrating that
this much memory is completely
unnecessary for gaming wow we're making
excellent progress here so do you want
to get the case fired up while i try to
figure out this cooler i've never
actually
this is the part where we can
parallelize things a little bit this has
been kind of a single threaded task up
until now
yeah hey
nerd hammer it's funny because hyper
threading and
actually there is something i need to do
while you're working on that uh get
these nvme drives installed so uh once
again
not actually an rog component so we got
a couple of 970 pro one terabyte drives
we're gonna be running these
in raid 0 for that maximum performance
so this is interesting
with just one screw you can actually
install both of these ssds
oh yeah that's a neat feature in fact it
appears as though you don't actually
need it at all you can just chuck this
thing on top of it and it'll just hold
it into place i don't really want to do
that though so i'm going to see if i can
find that mounting screw in the box
oh wow
i actually have not seen
asus's rog chassis before yes it has
what they call super comfortable handles
and they're actually not bad
uh it's upside down
yeah i was gonna say they're they
they're okay i wouldn't call them super
comfortable i think the handle is on the
other end
[Music]
okay that's something you might justify
calling super comfortable
made of fabric instead of a sharp metal
i was wondering what that was
let's see they got these little buttons
here
actually i vastly prefer the latch
system for these kinds of things because
i'm always super terrified of tempered
glass shattering
when screwing them like a screw into it
yeah everything in here actually feels
pretty good so this is asus hilarious
cooler that not only has rgb built in
but it also has a display
because
that
is what everyone needs
it's funny it's not even the only
component in here that has a display
oh that's right doesn't their power
supply have an oled display on the side
yeah and i think the motherboard might
also
okay check this thing out so you've got
your copper base at the bottom and then
you've got your standard acetac mounting
ring system you've got your pump up here
but then asus has gone and built like a
like a multi-level parking structure on
top of it so you've got a cooling fan
down here and then you've got this pcb
up here that there you go
handles both the rgb lighting and the
built-in display like most cases usually
have their drive bays in behind the
motherboard tray here and yet in this
case you have all the drive trays
arranged in such a way that you can have
all the cables running parallel with the
rest of the cables in the system so it's
a lot cleaner back here
what okay
this is the rog aura terminal
it's just an rgb hub
but what has got me stammering right now
is that it comes with a wall plug
what please tell me it can be powered
internally okay so
the wall plug is for external case
lighting
and the uh
four pin yeah well no no it's actually
got a four pin
molex to dc adapter perfect so
so while anthony's working his way
through the rgb stuff i'm trying to
figure out how to hold all three of
these fans in place
while i position the radiator under them
and get my hand out
so i can mount the rat up in the top
now i could ask anthony for help but
he's really busy working on important
things while i'm just
you know doing cooling stuff
you don't need cooling if you have rgb
not if you've got aesthetic who do i
sound like looks and form factor is all
that matters don't need cooling
steve jobs
no he cared
did he
steve wozniak cared at times
okay i guess he did want he did make
sure that his computers at least worked
were those the fans that came with it
yeah it comes with industrial pvc fans i
didn't know that yeah it's freaking
awesome
so asus is the one company that's just
like you know what knoxville makes the
best fans why are we why are we not just
using them in our aio
i was getting ready to put like sticky
pads on this but it's actually exactly
the right size for a drive bay
oh it's two and a half inch yeah oh
that's cool it actually has it has the
holes too oh that's cool those of you
who have watched any of our build guides
before probably noticed that i ran all
of these power leads for the fans
towards the back of the case so that
when we connect them they're all at the
back where we won't notice them
now we've got the world's longest usb 2
cable this is coming off the cpu cooler
that gives me a lot of options for
routing oh that's that's potentially a
problem how many usb 2 headers we have
two
oh good that is not a problem then ah
it's sort of a problem uh okay we'll
figure that out later though
okay this was one oversight
um there's no convenient spot to route
the
front panel audio and front usb
here so you just have to go in from
over here
yeah that was my favorite spot
and
you can take that shroud out so now that
i've got my cable under the shroud i can
go ahead and bring this up and plug into
my front panel usb 2 connector there
these have to be the thickest wires that
i have ever seen on an aio cpu cooler
how the f much current are they planning
to draw through this thing
all of it
you
bastard
get on there
i don't think i have ever seen a usb
plug that has that block on it
like all the all the housings have that
cutout for the block but i've never seen
anyone actually use it yeah come to
think of it
so where do we want these rgb strips
um
everywhere
oh yeah bud oh yeah oh yeah for sure for
sure there bud okay so here's the usb
problem we've got our front usb 3.1
which is here we've got our front usb
3.0 which is here and we have two front
usb 2.0s which are here the problem is
that this case
in asus attempt to go as fully featured
as possible
has four usb 3.0 and that 3.1 powered
type c there so they include an adapter
so you can use a 2.0 plug off the
motherboard
for these 3.0 ports
but we don't have any left
because of all of our rgb stuff
now for extra credit what we could do
is we could take these two connectors
and combine them to fit onto a single
header
should we do that is it worth the extra
credit
we had to go all the way i'll go get a
push pin
so these are really simple to work with
all you got to do is pop up this little
plastic tab here at the back of the pin
and then swoop pull the pin out
i wish the atx connector was this easy
to work with so now what we do is check
this out so in the pin block here from
the rgb controller so we're taking the
ones from the cooler and putting them in
there you can see there's empty ones
because no one bothers to well actually
some do but very few people bother to
put just the four wires in like a single
width block
so all we got to do is
just put them in in the same order
neat huh
so now those two devices only take up a
single usb 2 header
ow
ah damn
that hurt
what don't you hate it when you drive a
pin under your fingernail oh
yep
oh crap
what everything i just did was totally
unnecessary uh there's a right angle usb
3.0 port here
so there was enough for the front panel
stuff and for those both to be there
well now we have one more
i'm bleeding bloody hell
it stabbed me right under there see that
i don't know where the rgb headers are
supposed to be
okay so here is your
rgb synchronization header nice
then check this out
we've got a couple of sata power so
there's a lot of power for this case
that's kind of hilarious and then for
the two usb 3.0 they've got one that's
right angle and one that's straight to
account for that asus motherboards often
have one straight and one right angle
sick
oh wow that's amazing the system works
okay so between the aio cooler this
friggin thing our rgb controller and
whatever this last thing is
we have a total of three sata connectors
and one molex connector before we have
actually plugged in any drives or
peripherals why do they need to make it
molex
i don't know so this is kind of cool
actually they've got this um
like cable management hider thingamajig
in here
and it can actually slide depending on
how wide your motherboard is so that
allows us to hide things like this usb
uh 3.1 cable behind this uh this little
cool little shroud here so here's our
usb 3.0 connector here which on a normal
system is one of the kind of eye sores
because it's so bulky
but you can't even see the cabling at
all you just see the connector going in
at the back so this one too just goes
nice and snug at the bottom just like
that wow that actually really is really
clean
yeah i like it power supply for anthony
so we're throwing in our thor 1200 watt
platinum which appears to be the entire
reason that there's a window built into
the bottom of the case because this
power supply has a display on it now i
don't always keep the most glamorous
parts of a build for myself
but when i do
it's dual 2080 tis an sli
oh yes
this is going to be the ultimate
minecraft computer
like that moment when you feel like your
graphics card needs to have an rgb
controller and a fan controller on it so
this case does have that feature that
allows you to put one of your graphics
cards in kind of this like show-off
position over here
but i will not be taking advantage of it
because
with
hard sli bridges being what they are
it's not possible to set up sli with one
of the graphics cards in the show off
position and one of them installed
behind it you're gonna pop this out
uh yes are you sure i mean maybe someone
made like a a thing
oh you've got to be kidding me
okay never mind
did you find that in the manual how did
you know that
i just saw it and i was like that looks
like a vertical bracket i wonder where
that goes
that's actually pretty smart
i come bearing
an assortment
of pci express riser cables
and a one
and
two
and uh
this has got to go
through
um
hey
yeah
yeah what yeah
all right so i'm putting in my second
graphics card here now i have a bit of a
problem
this
extension is not the right angle kind
so
it's
gonna be hard to get it down low enough
and it might not work anymore once we do
that so we're hoping for the best
there we go
nice okay now i wouldn't ship the system
like this uh no but i also wouldn't ship
a system with heavy gpus like this
installed in it anyway so
all right cool speaking of which these
both have uh
two eight pins yeah yeah good okay all
right so power me up scotty that is a
power
yeah so sorry uh right or left uh left
your left oh okay that's gonna be harder
yeah to be clear this probably would
have been easier if we had taken the
shroud off but
we always like a challenge around here
sure let's go with that
i kind of feel like i'm artificially
inseminating a horse
oh wait i can see it
i can see it through the window that's
easy
there done
boom
okay
nice ow i can't get my arm out oh
are we there
we're almost there wow these are not
that easy to plug in
wish i had done them beforehand
like i always advise people to do in my
build guides and then forget about every
time i'm actually building a computer
sweet
that is so clean
hey that's not bad actually yeah it's
not the best i've ever done but it's
decent it's all in one place
i need you to plug this in what is that
that's the rgb control for the power
supply all right
horse doctor time
i don't see it at all uh okay let's
let's just let's look at the manual
let's calm down
no shroud taking the shroud office for
the week oh
hold on
no i don't think i was over far enough
ow okay whoa
all right we're getting close
laying out our peripherals
there we go
all right can i scooch past you here
scooch away
oh we need a monitor we do dang it
asus has thoughtfully provided one for
us though this is my second favorite
monitor from asus right now
it's their 144 hertz 4k
g-sync display i'm more of an ultra wide
guy though so i actually like the 200
hertz
ultra wide
ah my finger can you tilt the screen
down towards the bottom of the base
thank you oh
my finger's caught in there yeah i'm
good
i love pivot monitors
got that rgb life now that is cool being
able to see a real-time readout of how
much power your power supply is drawing
yep
i was expecting more rainbow barf
okay wish me luck everybody
hey there it is we're up
here
all right it's prompting us for if we
want to uh enhance the system
performance with the xmp settings oh
yeah turn on multi-core enhancement turn
everything on this is an rog machine
what the hey let's uh good luck
everybody and it's running at 60fps you
know it goes really nicely with this
build my stealth water bottle
lttstore.com subtle
stealthy okay i want to fire up gpuz
yeah see what gpu-c has to say about
this
okay so one card is at 8x that's what we
expect yeah the other card
also 8x nice okay so yeah everything's
fine we can close up the panels and now
all we got to do is get our async
running is there a peel on here
there is a peel i believe
two peels
it must be somebody's birthday
ah
dang it
i suck boo boomy
boo hiss
oh this is even worse
even worse i suck wow
okay
so this is it the all rog pc is done
let's go ahead and do just a quick
cinebench r15 run see how things are
going how's our overclock doing
well we didn't really overclock it well
no just the xmp all-core turbo blah blah
blah yeah that's true
and we can see our wattage
265-ish and we're sitting at around 4.7
gigahertz just shy of that yeah that's
respectable
not bad it's in a bench score of just
just shy of 2 000.
that's actually pretty good isn't it
yeah 1996
decent year
it was good year all right this is one
of my favorite things to do
on an hdr enabled monitor shadow of the
tomb raider in hdr looks so good can you
do hdr and 120 hertz at the same time i
believe so yes looks like it's
completely locked at 120 at 4k i know
right
there's not a lot of systems that can do
shadow of the tomb raider
at 4k
ultra details except i turned motion
blur off
and just
not even begin to break a sweat
what's the power supply showing 712
watts
all right i was worried we weren't going
to be able to do the quake 2 rtx demo
but it turns out it's a 25 second
download so uh
we're back in business ladies and
gentlemen
that's what a gigabit connection will do
for you yeah
global illumination hi hi baby
it is amazing how even with these low
res textures and stuff
better lighting
changes how the game looks in such a big
way
you know what's kind of funny about this
is like turning rtx on in a game like
this is kind of like built-in nostalgia
glasses
the lag time between like shooting and
especially the fact that there's a
projectile
is really disorienting in
today's world
i think it was disorienting back then
too
so we're at 4k hdr
with our tx on and we're running at like
60 fps
yeah with dlss on too so if we had dlss
off it would actually be even worse
that's freaking crazy
how many of these guys do you have to
take out
uh
all of them i guess that's like
presumably the objective of war
so there you have it guys
everything is running flawlessly this is
it
you may not like it but this is what
peak performance looks like
but you probably like it because this
thing looks freaking sick i think asus
has done an excellent job of tying
together certain components in
particular like the motherboard and the
case especially and making them go
together in a way that i
don't
know if i've actually
seen before like especially those usb
headers really cool stuff what else is
really cool is of course intel gamer day
so if you check out the link in the
video description you'll find deals on
pc components laptops and desktops as
well as some really cool giveaways which
we will also have linked in the video
description so thanks for watching guys
subscribe and all that good stuff see
you next time
you're just playing games now aren't you
i'm getting paid